# The-Gaming-Room

  The Gaming Room Client is a client that produces games and releases them to users on different platforms. They were looking for Creative Technology Consultant, whom in this scenrio I work for, to expand their game onto various operating systems.
  I did well with my final reccomendation portion of the software design document. I feel that I was descriptive and gave a good reccomendation that was best for the client and explained exactly why.
   I found that working through the design document was helpful because I found myself breking apart the challenges presented and finding easier soloutions to these challenges. I think the strength of these design documents is the abilty to break apart the larger problems into smaller easier parts ahead of time, so the best solution is pursued out of the gate.
   If I could revise a section of my design doucument I would choose the beginning summary. I feel that after completing the rest of the design document I am better prepared to plan out the course of the project, but hindsight is always 20 20 and you are always more equipped to create soloutions after you already solve it. After working with the code I would add to the design constraints with all of the code that needed to be added to, and not just the singleton pattern.
   I interpretted the user needs and implemented them into my software design by reading into what the program was, who the company intended it for and what operating systems and users would be customers of the product. This allowed me to ensure I had the correct user in mind and was catering the experience for that person. It is very important to consider user needs because whole products can fail if they do not provide what users want in a way that users can understand and use.
   I approached the software development by using stratagies that are already in place. Using the standard practice of singleton patterns which are documeted on the internet allowed me to correctly and most effiecently produce the results in the software and adapt it for the use cases needed in The Gaming Room. I would use this strategy in the future to ensure that I am using industry standards that are most efficient and simple to be worked on by other developers in the future.
